infra: Reformat README.md & add new generic Mako workflow (#5791)
Ryujinx/Ryujinx: README.md

    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Ryujinx/Ryujinx-Website/master/public/assets/images/shell.png">
</p>

## Compatibility

> As of April 2023, Ryujinx has been tested on approximately 4,050 titles;
> over 4,000 boot past menus and into gameplay, with roughly 3,400 of those being considered playable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of October 2023, Ryujinx has been tested on approximately 4,200 titles;
over 4,150 boot past menus and into gameplay, with roughly 3,500 of those being considered playable.
```
